Specify how host user creation invokes `useradd` (#27733)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/guides/host-user-creation.mdx

# 1
```

When the user above logs in, the `nginxrestarter` user and any groups that do

> not already exist will be created on the host. The `nginxrestarter` user will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not already exist are created on the host. The `nginxrestarter` user is
```

In my experience, present tense is generally preferred (easier to parse and translate).

> added to the `ubuntu`, `nginx` and `other` groups as specified in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
added to the `ubuntu`, `nginx`, and `other` groups, as specified in the
```

`host_groups` field.

> The Teleport SSH Service executes `useradd` in order to create new users on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Teleport SSH Service executes `useradd` to create new users on the
```

just a simplification.

> host, and returns an error if it cannot find the `useradd` binary. It creates a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
host, and returns an error if it cannot find the `useradd` binary. The command creates a
```

Less ambiguous to specify what "It" refers to.

> new home directory based on the host user's name and adds the user to the groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new home directory for the user with  the user's name and adds the user to the groups
```

just a minor suggestion.

Reviewer 2: Aside from the double-space in the suggestion, "based on" may or may not be more appropriate. Does `useradd` always create a home directory with the exact name as the user?

Author: It uses the `--create-home` flag of `useradd` (https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/1441d81d152be7cb64e91614fd1f7a5f1ee4e1a2/lib/utils/host/hostusers.go#L58), set to the name of the host user

> specified in the Teleport user's roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified in the user's Teleport roles.
```
minor suggestion.

Reviewer 2: The original makes a stronger distinction that the user we're referring to is the Teleport user, and not the new system user being created.
